[Memory] Add docs for new experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations option (#66096)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/06-optimizing/13-memory-usage.mdx

The [Bundle Analyzer](/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/bundle-analyzer) can help you investigate large dependencies in your application that may be able to be removed to improve performance and memory usage.

## Try `experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations`

> Starting in `15.0.0`, you can add `experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations: true` to your `next.config.js` file to change behavior in Webpack that reduces max memory usage but may increase compilation times by a slight amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in `v15.0.0`, you can add `experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations: true` to your `next.config.js` file to change behavior in Webpack that reduces max memory usage but may increase compilation times by a slight amount.
```

> > **Good to know**: This feature is currently experimental to test on more projects first, but it is considered to be pretty safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Good to know**: This feature is currently experimental to test on more projects first, but it is considered to be low-risk.
```
